Adds a community folder with a Hacktoberfest page therein. (#82)
redis-stack/redis-stack-docs: community/hacktoberfest_2022.md

---
title: Hacktoberfest 2022 at Redis
linkTitle: Hacktoberfest 2022
description: Let's collaborate this October!
weight: 1
---

[Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/) is a month-long online festival which takes place every year in October. It is sponsored by [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) and aims to encourage people to get involved in open source projects.

## How to get involved

> Through October, we're creating a number of GitHub issues for folks who want to contribute to our documentation and demo apps. [View our list of current open issues](https://github.com/search?l=&q=%23hacktoberfest+user%3Aredislabs-training+user%3Aredis+user%3Aredis-developer+user%3ANodeRedis+label%3Ahacktoberfest&state=open&type=Issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through October, we at Redis are creating a number of GitHub issues for folks who want to contribute to our documentation and demo apps. [View our list of current open issues](https://github.com/search?l=&q=%23hacktoberfest+user%3Aredislabs-training+user%3Aredis+user%3Aredis-developer+user%3ANodeRedis+label%3Ahacktoberfest&state=open&type=Issues).
```

> Through October, we're creating a number of GitHub issues for folks who want to contribute to our documentation and demo apps. [View our list of current open issues](https://github.com/search?l=&q=%23hacktoberfest+user%3Aredislabs-training+user%3Aredis+user%3Aredis-developer+user%3ANodeRedis+label%3Ahacktoberfest&state=open&type=Issues).

Reviewer: I was able to get the link to produce issues by removing the #hacktoberfest hash tag: https://github.com/search?q=user%3Aredislabs-training+user%3Aredis+user%3Aredis-developer+user%3ANodeRedis+label%3Ahacktoberfest&type=Issues

Do we want to update this?
